[Soldier] Sir, during exploration we found chip that contains following video.
[???] Hello, I will assume I am talking to my descendants, as we did not found any life intelligent enough to play this message during thousands of years of
our existence. Despite my look, I am human. Our history is very long, so I will give you short summary. On our planet through couple hundred millions year of evolution we came to existence.
We started as primitive form of life. We were not even at the top of the food chain back then, much less immortal. 
[???] As years were passing, our race has invented better technology. As we did not have any natural enemies, wars between humans have started.
Those wars altough destructive, accelerated development of humankind. Finally we managed to send ship into cosmos. Our technology kept progressing steadily. 
After couple hundred of years we managed to find way to become immortal. With now being immortal, our next aim was to conquer cosmos. Making ships able to travel fast in our solar system was relatively
easy task.
[???] Making ships able to travel fast in our solar system was relatively easy task. We knew that our solar system was not the only one that existed, but 
also we knew that if we tried travelling to other one with our current technology it would take 
extremally long time. So we made engine that would allow us to travel between solar systems relatively fast.
[???] By the way you seeing this message, means you also managed to make your own version of hyperdrive. Anyway, we started to explore cosmos. But our ambitions did not end here, inspired by 
amazing durability of alien lifeforms we discovered during explorations, we understood that even immortal flesh is weak. And that how I.. we came to our current look. We enhanced most of our body. 
We became stronger than even most impressive aliens we saw. Yet we still wanted more.
[???] Making our body mostly robotic made us think "What if we install variant of hyperdrive in us?". We would became master of time and space. Existence akin to god.
And we did that. We managed to conquer not only time, but also space. We didn't need spaceship to travel through hyperlane. Every children that has passed 4 years was also enhanced by our 
technology. We were thinking what else we could do to improve ourselves.
[???] Yet suddenly many of us started dying, which should be impossible. After investigation it became apparent, that cause of deaths is installed variation of hyperdrive. As time passes 
hyperdrive becomes unstable. Which we figured hard way. At that point we had not enough time to fix it. We knew that most of our races will die.So before we die, we decided to take every yet to 
be enhanced human to habitable planet that should be able to sustain life longest. 
[???] We did not want you to start from the scratch, but also decided that giving you unstable technology could result in catastrophe. 
We send you to new planet. We also send AI to help you develop planet and give you most useful technology.  As you managed to find this message, 
I would assume that about 10 000 years have passed since colonization of your planet. Remember to thoroughly check content of box. There is data about technology that brought our destruction.
[???] If our technology is similiar do not try under any circumstance to implant it onto your body. I will leave that message in as many solar systems as I can before I will cease to exist.
[Farewell. Do not repeat our mistakes.]   
[Soldier] We send copy of data from chips found in the box to government. 
