1;Aether;Aether is facility in which our pilots are undergoing training in virtual reality to make them ready to explore cosmos.;1
2;Aliens;Other forms of life have been confirmed to exist in another space systems. None of them seems to be advanced though.;1
3;Quame;Quame is very rare reddish mineral that is base for hyperdrive engines.;1
4;Exploration;Once you chose pilots you can send them to explore available solar systems.;1
5;Space systems;Also known as solar system -  gravitationally bound system of the Sun and the objects that orbit it. Due to distance between systems travelling it without hyperdrive would be nigh impossible.;1
6;Hangar;From this place we send our pilots to hyperlane in purpose of travelling to other systems.;1
7;Habitable planets;We currently cannot precisely define habitability of planets in other systems. Due to that fact it is necessary to send pilots that will bring us more data;1
8;Lab;In this place Admiral can chose focus of scientists on Lotus.;1
9;Waiver;Due to dangerous nature of job every pilot and admiral has to sign waiver of liability.;1
10;Nulls;Null is international currency used in Lotus.;1
11;Metals;Metals are sum of currently owned ores,alloys and minerals that can be used as base for building spaceship;1
12;Titan v2;Titan v2 is special alloy made of various rare metals in purpose of making most durable one. (Used for building better quality ships);1
13;Encre;Encre is special resource able to stimulate human brain.;1
14;Draft;By using nulls or nulls and encre we can organize campaign that will bring us new recruits. Refresh list of available recruits.;1
15;Free drafts;2 first basic drafts are free. First one is used automatically when you first enter Aether.;1
16;Basic draft;Basic campaign to find new recruits cost nulls and guarantee at least 3 random quality pilots.;1
17;Encre draft;Special campaign in which we additionally use encre to awaken potential of new recruits.Guarantee at least 3 pilots including one with renowned or higher quality.;1
18;<Ship Type>Skirmisher;Type of ship that excel at harrasing and softening enemy while staying very mobile;1
19;<Ship Type>Destroyer;Type of ship that bring destruction upon battlefield. Destroyers are very fragile;1
20;<Ship Type>Cruiser;Ships that are able to take massive amount of damage while defending allies. Cruisers are more likely to be attacked by aliens on battlefield, due to installed equipment that provoke aliens.;1
21;<Ship Type>Support;Ship capable of boosting both defensive and offensive abilities of allies. Some of them can even repair ally in battle.;1
22;Pilots; Commanders of ships come with various potential, which directly represent their battle capacity;1
23;<Quality>Ordinary;Basic pilot without remarkable skills.;1
24;<Quality>Advanced;Better than ordinary, but still somehow lacking pilot.;1
25;<Quality>Veteran;Great pilot.;1
26;<Quality>Renowned;Pilots that are able to easly command most of the ships. Remarkable and rare recruits. Some of them have special passive skills.;1
27;<Quality>Exalted;Rarest and most skilled pilots.Almost all of them have special passive skills.;1
28;1023;It is predicted year in which we won't be able to sustain life on Lotus anymore.;1
29;Broken Hyperdrive;Our "very talented" engineers broke one of the hyperdrives, so the information that we have 4 hyperdrives is no longer valid. Atleast we managed to get back some Quame from it.;1